Add ingress class docs (#811)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: docs/concepts/custom-resources.md

> 

Reviewer: High level comment: the paragraphs here are difficult to understand, and passive voice is a significant contributing factor. I suggest that we try to get rid of all passive voice where it's reasonable.

https://blog.robgarrett.com/2005/09/19/passive-voice-in-professional-documents/

and

> The Microsoft Manual of Style is used by professional technical writers.
> The 4th edition (2012) says:
> > In general, use active voice. Active voice emphasizes the person or thing performing the action. It's more direct than passive voice, which can be confusing or sound formal.
> > - Use passive voice sparingly. It is all right to use passive voice in the following situations:
> > - To avoid a wordy or awkward construction.
> > - When the action, not the doer, is the focus of the sentence.
> > - When the subject is unknown.
> > - In error messages, to avoid giving the impression that the user is to blame.

Reviewer: As agreed elsewhere, let's not use blanket rules with this level of generality. Specific suggestions follow.

## KongClusterPlugin

> _This resource requires the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation. Its value
> must match the value of the controller's `--ingress-class` argument, which is
> "kong" by default._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This resource requires the [`kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation](../README.md#resource-classes)._
```

The definition of what an ingress class means is already present in the docs. Let's link to it instead of repeating it over and over.

This comment applies to all repetitions of such pattern.

Reviewer: > This comment applies to all repetitions of such pattern.

Note that there are two other repetitions in this file still left.
